README.md, before:

# Creating Interactive Figures with Bokeh+Python 

Interactive figures allow you and others to dive in and explore your data in real time.  In this workshop you will learn how to use Python’s Bokeh visualization library to construct 2D interactive figures.  The majority of this workshop will be hands-on, working through example python notebooks and with time for each of you to construct a beginning interactive figure of your own with my help.  Some prior python knowledge is required.  Prior to the workshop, please ensure that you have both the `pandas` and `bokeh` python libraries installed on your computer.  If possible, please bring your own multi-dimensional data set to explore.

If you don't have Python or Bokeh installed on your computer, but want to run the notebook, you can use the [version on Google colab linked here.](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ByHW4y21BJui69NcnRDXaz0UDzq-hdTD?usp=sharing)

A live version of the plot from this workshop is available [here](https://ageller.github.io/IntroToBokeh/scatterSelect.html).

If you need a multi-dimensional data set to explore, you can look [here.](https://github.com/ageller/IDEAS_FSS-Vis/tree/master/datasets)

Commit message:

added install instructions to README; updated notebook with more exercises.

README.md, after:

# Creating Interactive Figures with Bokeh+Python 

Interactive figures allow you and others to dive in and explore your data in real time.  In this workshop you will learn how to use Python’s Bokeh visualization library to construct 2D interactive figures.  The majority of this workshop will be hands-on, working through example python notebooks and with time for each of you to construct a beginning interactive figure of your own with my help.  Some prior python knowledge is required.  Prior to the workshop, please ensure that you have both the `pandas` and `bokeh` python libraries installed on your computer.  If possible, please bring your own multi-dimensional data set to explore.

I encourage you to run the BokehDemos.ipynb notebook from this repo on your computer (instead of in Google Colab).  To do wo, please be sure to install the `pandas` and `bokeh` libraries.  I recommend using conda and creating your own environment for this:
```
conda create -n bokeh-env python=3.10 jupyter pandas bokeh
conda activate bokeh-env
```

If you cannot run this on your computer, you can use the [version on Google colab linked here.](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ByHW4y21BJui69NcnRDXaz0UDzq-hdTD?usp=sharing)  Please note that some of the procedures differ between the Colab and local versions (particularly, Google Colab cannot handle Python callbacks).


A live version of the plot from this workshop is available [here](https://ageller.github.io/IntroToBokeh/scatterSelect.html).

If you need a multi-dimensional data set to explore, you can look [here.](https://github.com/ageller/IDEAS_FSS-Vis/tree/master/datasets)
